what's going on ladies until I'm in
welcome back to another episode of Mad
attack now if you don't know a video yo
ash is clicked on this is my five
reasons to be excited about H our
world's elite now if you guys haven't
heard about H our yet and let me educate
you a little bit successfully back in on
Kickstarter and Greenland on Steam H
hours being developed by SOF studios in
the game that hopes to revitalize
tactical shooter genre and bring back
team based gameplay to shooting games
being developed on PC for steam and on
PlayStation 4 H our world elite looks
promising so without further ado these
are my five reasons why i'm excited for
h our so calm spiritual successor the
earlier so calm games are some of the
best times many people had the ability
to play with a clan which is if you
don't know as an online team was one of
the best experiences anyone can have and
if you missed out on a SOCOM game my
sympathy goes out to you many features
we all know and love from SOCOM are
making a return and many of the same
gameplay features are being worked on
and perfected to give it that SOCOM feel
but for the new age if you did play
socom you understand the feeling of
competition teamwork tactical gameplay
that was also calm and that will be h
our world's elite tactical gameplay if
you've played nothing but call of duty
and many other fast-paced first-person
shooter games or even third person
shooters this game will be foreign to
you not only is it going to be a slow
paced game that makes you think instead
of running around blindly like an idiot
but it encourages teamwork and strategy
with your clan call-outs routes and
overall planning will be detrimental to
victory in h our team based your solo
dog or one-man army odds are you're
gonna have a hard time playing h out the
structure is built in a way that team
play is vital to your success and if you
don't play well with others odds are you
won't play well at all cleaning up with
friends competing in ladder matches with
clam stats and live member performance
giving commands and team only voice chat
to even being able to create your own
unique badges and logos this game
supports team-based thinkers one hundred
percent besides also being offered is
the ability to create clan train
games with detailed after-action reports
for your clans performance this sounds
absolutely amazing and I love it
community the H our community is one of
the most dedicated supportive and
constructive communities I've ever seen
backing up a game with creative director
David Sears who work closely on the
earlier socom games to community leaders
like suck my turban socom Steph mamaia
able green big fry and socom bug who are
not only helping spread awareness and
educate gamers on this up-and-coming
game but also working closely with the
developers to make sure it says accurate
to that so calm feel that we all know
and love this is truly an amazing
community where everyone supports
everyone and works together to get the
best gaming experience possible gaming
needs this guy's honestly we need more
games like these we need more games that
encourage tactical warfare team play and
fun solid gameplay amazing experiences
are created on games like this the
industry is cluttered with first-person
shooters and games that encourage
running around like a chicken with his
head cut off killing enemies and not
working with your teammates I can't
explain it but if you've ever played a
SOCOM game or even a Tom Clancy game
you'll understand where I'm coming from
the experience in thinking and being
critical about your moves as an
important one and in this oversaturated
market h-hour is doing something
incredible to even myself when I heard
about it I wasn't a believer at first
but as time went on and I heard more
about the game and I talked to more
people and got their thoughts and
opinions about what's going on in the
game I got my hopes up I became a
believer and my excitement increased
tremendously all right look at me you're
looking at me now you're looking over
there don't look at me this is a game
you're gonna want to follow this is a
game that you're gonna want to look out
for it's an experience that you're not
gonna want to miss out on but with all
that being said thank you guys so much
for watching if you liked the video of
course please be sure to do so leave a
comment let me know how you felt and
also consider subscribing to join the
mavs movement cuz we are here making
moves but I will see you all on the next
episode map tag move fuck
you